docs: Non-UI API docs rewrite (pt 1) (#8825)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/features/gyrometer.md

# Gyrometer

> [!TIP]
> This article covers Uno-specific information for Gyrometer. For a full description of the feature and instructions on using it, consult the UWP documentation: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/uwp/api/windows.devices.sensors.gyrometer

 * The `Windows.Devices.Sensors.Gyrometer` class allows measuring angular velocity applied on the device.

## Supported features

| Feature        |  Windows  | Android |  iOS  |  Web (WASM)  | macOS | Linux (Skia)  | Win 7 (Skia) | 
|---------------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-|
| `GetDefault`         | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |
| `ReadingChanged` | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✖ | ✖| ✖ |
| `ReportInterval`     | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✖ | ✖ | ✖ |

## Using Gyrometer with Uno
 

>  * The `GetDefault` method is availble on all targets and will return `null` on those which do not support `Gyrometer` or devices which do not have such sensor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * The `GetDefault` method is available on all targets and will return `null` on those which do not support `Gyrometer` or devices that do not have such a sensor.
```

 * Ensure to unsubscribe from the `ReadingChanged` event when you no longer need the readings, so that the sensor is no longer active to avoid unnecessary battery consumption.

>  * `ReportInterval` property on WASM is currently not supported directly. Uno uses an approximation in the form of raising the `ReadingChanged` event, only when enough time has passed since the last report. The event is raised a bit more often to make sure the gap caused by the filter is not too large, but this is in-line with the behavior of Windows' `Gyrometer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `ReportInterval` property on WASM is currently not supported directly. Uno uses an approximation in the form of raising the `ReadingChanged` event, only when enough time has passed since the last report. The event is raised a bit more often to make sure the gap caused by the filter is not too large, but this is in line with the behavior of Windows' `Gyrometer`.
```
